
Technical Project Manager that is process focused and strategy driven.  Tracking data includes implementing continuous lean process improvements, documentation which increases productivity and profitability by 25 percent. I am unique because of my background in engineering and business system analysis the clients’ needs are meet by initiating a value stream approach by implementing business awareness, then solutions.
EDUCATION
2014   Masters of Science in Technology Management City University
2014   Certification in Scrum Masters Fundamentals  Project Management Institute       
2012    Masters of Science in Project Management   City University
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MS in Project Manager and Technology Management
Improved SharePoint documentation process predicted cost savings of $75,000
Achieved cost savings of $800,000 using six sigma and lean applications process
Chaired multiple data review and change management “solution meetings” 
Project Analysis on Security feasibility of Sensor-Cloud Architect in Automobile
Texas A&M Engineering Certification for Information Security
Texas A&M Engineering Certification for Digital Forensics
Scrum Project Manager co-manage 28 teams to update websites.
Present Security presentation on  “Building Security in software using agile application”
BS in Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineer
Research and published six articles containing focusing on Cloud, IoT and Security on LinkedIn
CLOUD ENTHUSIASTIC
Graduate Dissertation:
City University
MS in Project Management                                                                                                         October 2011
Project Lead - Cloud Web:  Based – Hospital Patient Billing System 
• Managed two global teams; project scope to create a patient web based health care billing-system
• Collaborated on the planning and execution phrase of the cloud base application
• Used Microsoft Azure: Cloud Base Database to create the web based system

MS in Technology Management                                                                                                     October 2014   
Daimler North America: Technology Pilot Infrastructure Proposal
Mercedes Benz parent global company of Daimler North America was conducting an extensive global infrastructure upgrade using cloud-based technology to synchronize their business around the globe.
• Created a cloud technology SQL Azure application proposal that would implement SQL database   technology and provide a seamless cloud integration that synchronizes and connects all employees and instances globally
• Identified core issues identified throughout Daimler’s global work force that impedes IT infrastructure production
• Created Service and Technical Enterprise Architecture solutions on IT infrastructure cloud-based upgrade proposal
CURRENT SCRUM MASTER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IMC - Infinite Minde Concepts: (Pro Bono Consulting)	    
Seattle Give Camp: Microsoft Commons: Bellevue, WA      (part-time)  October 2013 thru 2016
October 2014- Scrum Project Manager, I managed 28 teams of Software Developers, Web Developers, Database Administrators to update or create web for 28 nonprofit organizations using Agile and Sprint application.  As Scrum Master, my responsibility includes, staying within the scope of each project, create requirement analysis; keeping tasks moving throughout the production pipeline.  I engaged with the site-owners providing continuous feedback to the team. 
October: 2013- Scrum Project Managed: Fabric of Life, a non-profit organization, current website runs on Static Html that was five years old and could not meet Fabric for Life’s online donations and merchandising requirements. As Scrum Master, I lead a team of seven to apply front end and rear end web development. As the lead project manager, I use Kanban application to compile tasks and sprint agile application to delegate tasks and assure accountability for each task.
The new website had unlimited bandwidth, with features such as social media marketing an analytics.
The new website cost lower, user friendly and provided low maintenance.
We proposed the website would increased users by 45 percent and generate a monthly income of $1000.00 
Word-Press site was replaced with a Big Commerce Website.
Scrum Project Managed: Seavuria, a non-profit organization, current website ran on Word-Press, fail to attract user’s attentions, did not have a continuous flow, and was not functional. I lead a team of five web developers using front end and rear end application to update website. I applied agile application to monitor the tasks and manage the team.
 We created user stories of each of the Kenyan student on blogs and websites to share 
 Updated the Word-press website to increase numbers of donors members
 Updated plugins and website to create an continuous flow of information
 Donor membership was increased by 35 percent, with donations proposal increased by 25 percent
ADDITIONAL PROJECT MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCES
Project managed various projects from modification of tamale machine, to The Great African Cook-In                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Project Managed:  Proposal to install solar panels --- Minister of Good Hope Baptist Church, Seattle
Created and managed a team of seven
Submitted bid of $ 478,000 to install solar panels and windmill
Conducted SWOT analysis for solar panel installation 
Research and documented sustainability option

  Business Process System Analysis
JTS Manage Services   Seattle WA  November 2013-August 2014                       
OPERATION EFFICENCY 
JTS needed to update its document control operations to meet increased production demands and allow additional collaboration amongst employees and contactors.  New system had to be compatible with the needs of JTS various clients. 
Use agile methodology in preparations of contract setup, to assure continuous documentation flow operation.
Created and documented work flows using Visio, and workflow process modeling diagram to increase operation effectively by 25 percent.
Agile scrum methodology to prepare data migration into phrases before transferring into Share-Point 2013 platform
Identified opportunities for lean process documentation improvement
 Datum migration; washing, analyzing and organizing data
 Coach and train team on new Share-Point documentation library and Visio flow.
 
 Senior Electronic Development Engineer 		
 Daimler Trucks North America   Portland Oregon	                                            January 2011 - January 2012	 
New Product Design: Project Managed 
Linde Gas Gate-lift project require a special designed battery to accommodate their new design lift-gate to retrofit 300 trucks. As PM, I lead a cross-functional team, which included Linde Gas, sales manager; plant manager and liaisons to create a project plan to retrofit 300 trucks. My tasks included planning phrase for pre-production builds and program transition into production phrase deliverable. 

Manufacturing Flight Test Operation & Validation Engineer
Boeing, Seattle Washington                                                                                         July 2008- June 2010 
The 747 had a problem in acquiring a bracket to secure the smoke detectors. Following waterfall scheduling, encounter inconsistent scheduling for parts installation. There was a need to secure a suitable supplier to supply smoke detectors according to FAA specification. As Project lead team of seven in the following:
Secure a supplier at the last minute.
Implement a change management meeting between the ground engineers, design engineers and supplier to secure new part specification.
Able to secure a supplier within 30 days despite varying deliverable schedule.
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Construction Project Lead: 
Licton Springs P-Patch:  Seattle WA                                                                         November 2013- June 2014
 Licton Springs P-Patch of the City of Seattle Neighborhood division was constructing four compost bins for the community garden.  The city of Seattle objective was to provide financial support that enabled the neighbors to come together to envision, design and eventually construct a unique garden that meets their needs and reflect their neighborhood identity. 
 Project Leader managed 10 to 12 members to design, construct and built compost bins.  I report results to City Contractor, Site Team coordinator and Project Manager.






   

					


